Sankat city school that was just right
at the net all power quickness and speed
by Matt Duchene to excel in the game
today you need to be a great skater the
best players can accelerate explosively
Stamkos went by me like a flash you can
see the determination in his eyes and
can change direction suddenly
they have the balance and stability to
fight through checks and they have the
endurance to compete his heart in the
third period as they do in the first
just hauling it as hard as he can to
come back on the play to become an elite
skater like this you need to develop a
combination of great skating technique
and tremendous leg and core strength the
bronco belt is a versatile new training
tool designed to help players develop in
both of these important areas the bronco
belt allows players to add resistance to
their on ice training in order to build
sports specific leg and core strength
that directly applies to skating
technique
the belts patented design comfortably
distributes an adjustable amount of
training weight around a player's center
of gravity this allows a whole range of
motion to skate shoot and stick handle
by adding training weight to a player
while skating the player develops
strength and precisely those muscles
that powered his drive while developing
muscle memory coordination and balance
players wear the belt for a portion of
practice and are able to perform a wide
range of drills making it easy to
incorporate the belt into any practice
the belt comes off in seconds and
players are able to continue practicing
with a lighter-than-air feeling in their
legs
in case of a faller collision the bronco
belts been designed to distribute the
force of impact on the padding in the
players pants the bronco belt comes in
two sizes the youth belt comes with 4
pounds of adjustable training lee the
adult belt comes with 8 pounds the belt
is used by a growing number of pro
junior and youth players across Canada
in the United States the belt can be
used at any point in time it sits up
high in the waist it's away from their
hands in tight to their body it keeps
your butt down low of course them to
stay a little wider I've seen different
camps that try to use weight vests and
that kind of thing and it seems to
impede movement the belt sits in the
core so when you're doing your
transition stuff there's not a huge
torque sits in the core it's balanced
its officers make extra weak paired with
a good skills and development program
they'll really help the kids with their
acceleration and their agility
well the feedback isn't very good any
guys say you don't want to put it out
for 10 15 20 minutes make the legs burn
a little bit when they take it off the
steel pins they definitely do feel a
huge difference when they take them off
you feel like they've got more jumping
their step more acceleration it's not
difference between wearing them and not
wearing them that they really seem to
enjoy players and teams in 9 of 10
provinces in 23 states so far have made
the Bronco belt a part of their training
program it's a simple effective and
versatile tool that can be used during
any practice to help players develop
their skating the single most important
area of the game today
for more information on the bronco belt
visit bronco hockey calm